.\" Wigwam manualpage
.\"
.TH WIGWAM 1


.SH NAME
wigwam - check the Araneum webserver configuration for non-critical errors


.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wigwam
[-c <path>] [-h] [-t [<toolkit_id> ...]] [-q] [-v]
.br
-c path: path to where the configrationfiles are located.
.br
-h: show help and exit.
.br
-q: don't print the test results.
.br
-t <toolkit_id>: test URL toolkit rule(s).
.br
-v: show version and exit.


.SH DESCRIPTION
Wigwam is a configuration validation tool for the Araneum webserver. Use it to check the Araneum main configuration for non-fatal configuration errors. This tool loads the configuration in a different way then Araneum does, whereby it's easier to check for certain errors. These checks have been put in a seperate program, in order to keep Araneum from growing too large.


.SH URL TOOLKIT TESTING
With the option -t, you can use Wigwam to test your URL toolkit rules. When testing URL toolkit rules, you should only enter the part after the hostname in the URL. For example, if you want to test the URL "http://www.mydomain.com/index.php?key=value", you should enter "/index.php?key=value". A result shown as "old: <URL>" means nothing has been changed. When a toolkit rule has been applied, the result is shown as "new: <URL>".
.br

To use URL toolkit testing, Araneum must have been compiled without --disable-toolkit. Use 'araneum -v' for compile information.


.SH SEE ALSO
Wigwam is part of the Araneum webserver. See araneum(1) for more information about Araneum.


.SH AUTHOR
Philipe Rubio <araneum@koppin22.com> - \fIhttp://araneum.koppin22.com/\fP
